- This goes to those who want to change the world.
- And to those who help you to achieve your goals.
- Giving you guidance. And make you smile.
- We are Marcel and Sandra and with LevelUP we give you the possibility to create your future.
- Speaking to spanish IT, Design, Marketing, Sales or Content professionals we realized that finding a good job in Spain is a nightmare.
- At the same time, numerous companies in Germany are desperately looking for these talents.
- We are creating a platform which brings both sides together, finding your perfect match and realizing videocalls to get to know eachother.
- On our platform you as a talent can check your skills in various tests and receive training recommendations to levelup.
- Our Vision is to establish international remote teams on a permanent basis worldwide and to give you a great job.
- Contribute to this movement! Join our network and become part of Spain's largest foreign remote community!.
NOTE This is the last line in the file